...one evening in May. For a sweet recreation I scarcely can say.
As I sat amusing myself in the cage Oh who should come near me but a young Indian maid.
She sat down beside me and taking my hand. I see you are a stranger, not one of our land.
But if you will follow, you're welcome to come
And share in my cottage, the bliss of my home.
Together we wander, and together we roam.
Till we came to a log hush in a coconut grove.
With kindly impression she's there done to me. If you will consent, sir, and live here with me.
And go no more ramblings all o'er the South Sea, I'll teach you the language of Little Mohea.
Oh, no, pretty maiden, this never could be.
I have a true lover all o'er the South Sea.
I could not forsake her and live here with thee, for her heart beats as truly as Little Mohea.
This fair young lady, she's handsome in time.
She acted her part as a heaven design For I was a stranger and she took me to her home.
And I think of Little Mohea as a wanderer alone. The last time I saw her she stood on the sand. As they are still passed by her she waved me her hand.
Think when you get back to the girl that you love.
Just think of Little Mohea in a coconut grove.
Now I am safe landing my home shore.
For my friends and companions can see me once more.
Little girls all crowd round me, but none do I see.
That I can compare with my Little Mohea.